https://codepen.io/tl8592/pen/ZEBwzJq

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        making HTML code meaningful


    2. What is HTML used for? 

        displaying textual data
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        special tag that's used when we need to include information that we do not want to show 
        on a page

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        used as the main title of a page; it should be used only once per page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        anchor(href) and img(src)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        
        style tag or link element

    7. What is an id? 


    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        child elements (i.e., p, img)

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        only one time

    10. What is a class? 

        title that can be applied to multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        parent elements (div, li)

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        There is no limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        Add a target="_blank" attribute to the link.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

        to display alternative text if the image doesn't load properly

    15. How do I reference an id?

        hash tag + id name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        The section tag is more semantic than the div.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

        color, decorations, styling of the website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2 { ... }
   
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        
        Class is used for parent elements, that way any styling can be implemented on nested
        child elements. Id is used for a single child element and only one id can be used in a page.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

        Type a period (.) and then the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar a { ... }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        selects elements in a specific state (i.e. hovered, clicked on)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        CAPITALS: set text-transform property to uppercase
        lowercase: set text-transform property to lowercase
        Capitalize: set text-tranform property to capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div { border: 1px dotted black; }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        universal selector (*)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        using list command (ls)

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        $ rm filename

        Be careful. Once the rm is used to delete the file, you cannot get it back. You will not
        be prompted before deleting.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

        It keeps revisions straight, putting them in central repository. This is easy for 
        collaboration with other developers, working the code on their local drives and then
        uploading their changes to the remote version.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

        Commit often. You can commit once you have made a significant change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

        git push command

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    
        Step 1: Fork repository
        Step 2: Add collaborator
        Step 3: Clone repository
        Step 4: Checkout branch name (using firstName-lastName format)
        Step 5: Work on the code,
        Step 6: Add (git add . ) and commit (git commit -m) changes
        Step 7: Push local changes to remoto repo (git push -u origin branch-name)
        Step 8: Create Pull Request